(Ai)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh! Vrains.
Hey, Earth.
(Earth) Ai?
Pender's pal Playmaker.
(Yusaku)
Who are you?
(Gore)
Can't believe you're
already forgotten me.
(Ai)
That's Gore?
This Ignis is mine and you
can't do anything about it.
Go, shatter his crystal heart.
(Earth)
I don't think so.
You will never hurt Aqua.
I activate Gravity Vision.
I can summon a
G, Golem Token
in defence mode.
Your monster also loses
twenty four hundred,
attack and defence points.
You're duelling would
have flustered the old Gore,
but I'm a new Gore.
Brain hack!
Ah!
Wow.
Whoa.
I fusion summon, my dino
wrestler, chimaera T-wrextle.
I've hacked my brain,
so that I can calculate
moves faster and better,
than any human or ignis,
your defeat is only
a matter of time.
(dramatic tense music)
(Yusaku)
You hacked, your brain.
What do you mean Gore?
(Gore)
What I mean is,
I now have super
human intelligence.
(grunts)
Because...
sol technologies,
have planted an AI chip,
directly into my brain.
They what?
(Ai)
That AI code could,
play havoc with
your brain cells,
and scramble
a lump like eggs.
(Gore)
You have got it all wrong,
I've taken the uniqueness
of human creativity,
and the calculated
processing speed of
AI and united them into one,
enhanced my duelling skills.
(electrical static)
He combined with an AI
Ai, ai, ai.
(Zaizen)
This is bad.
(cowering)
by activating his AI chip,
Gore is putting
his life in danger.
(tense music plays)
(Gore)
What's that gizmo?
Its an AI duelling chip
we designed,
that directly interfaces with
the brains neural pathways.
Meaning what?
(Female Scientist)
Meaning it transforms,
an ordinary duelist,
into a spectacular one.
Oh yeah.
(Male Scientist)
By surgically attaching
this chip to the brain,
its built in AI boosts
your thinking process,
allowing you to make,
the most optimal decisions,
quicker than ever.
I figured out why you
dragged me here Zaizen.
(Zaizen) Oh?
You want me to take
that chip for a test run.
No I don't, but
my superiors do.
See they feel that by
enhancing your duelling skills,
it will allow you to defeat
and capture the ignis easier.
But what they failed to
take into consideration,
is that the chip also pushes
the brain into overdrive,
which strains both
mind and body,
and that will clearly not
be healthy for you Gore.
I didn't know
you cared about me.
Your worried my brains
going to short circuit,
or maybe go pop like a balloon?
I'm not saying it will,
but why risk it.
Point taken, but I'm still
taking the chips Zaizen.
Have you listened
to a word I've said?
I have, if it makes
me a better duelist,
I'm willing to risk anything.
(Zaizen)
Why would Gore
go this far?
So you are now half AI?
Yeah that's right.
If Gore is part AI,
does that make us cousins?
Were family.
No, that isn't exactly how
family structures work Ai.
Even if we were family,
I'd have no qualms capturing
you or any of the other ignis.
Hm, with that attitude,
your dis invited
from family reunion.
So what, I have
more present concerns,
like this duel.
Chimaera T-wrextle, attack.
My gravity vision,
redirects your attack
to my G golem token,
so my Chrystal heart is safe.
But you can't say the
same for your life points.
When my Chimaera T-wrextle,
attacks a monster
in defence mode,
it still deals you damage.
(crashing)
Not only did you
take damage,
but when Chimaera
destroys a monster,
it gains five hundred
attack points.
With that I end my turn.
Now lets see what you got,
not that it will help,
because I can feel my mind
working like never before ignis.
That's right, every strategy,
you could possible use
is filling my mind,
as is every counter
strategy to stop it.
This human,
has no qualms about
hurting me or aqua.
She wanted me, to choose
which side to fight for,
but the decision may have
already been made for me.
Its my turn.
Chrystal heart,
resurface Invalid Dolmen,
from my graveyard
next to its link,
and by doing so,
Chrystal heart gains one,
G golem counter and
gives Invalid Dolmen,
six hundred attack points.
That makes
Invalid Dolmen,
just as strong
Chimaera T-wrextle,
so earth can put that chomper
down for the three count.
Actually, due to
tyrant dino fusions effect,
his chimaera won't be
destroyed in battle.
So not even a two
point five count?
Next I summon,
G golem pebble dog,
to the field.
(dog barks)
And its ability, lets me draw,
another pebble dog from my deck.
I can now accrete my circuit,
I set, pebble dog
and Invalid Dolmen,
in the link arrows,
to link summon,
link for, G Golem
Dignified Trilithon.
(sound of rock slide)
And Trilithon, gains six
hundred, attack points,
for each Chrystal
hearts counters.
Bananza!
That makes Trilithon,
the strongest monster in play.
Ready human?
Trilithon attack
Chimaera T-wrextle,
and ill up the damage by
discarding an earth monster,
from my hand, your
chimaera loses,
two hundred, attack
points and its abilities
(gore grunts)
So I lose my pebble
dog but you lose,
seven hundred, attack points.
(counters going down)
And my loss is only temporary,
because pebble dogs ability,
lets me draw another
one from my deck.
Go!
Trilithon.
Due to tyrant dino fusion,
my chimaera can't be destroyed,
Yes but you still take damage.
(chimaera roars)
Ah!
(Earth)
And when crystal heart,
has at least two counters,
Trilithon can attack twice.
What?
And tyrant dino fusions
effect can't be used again.
So your chimaera is destroyed.
(explosions)
Ah!
(counters going down)
Aw, a hundred life
points, he was so close.
But close enough.
What is that?
I activate my skill,
stalag tite spear.
When my earth monster
destroys your monster,
you lose, one
hundred life points,
for each of your
monsters levels.
Now, Chimaera
T-wrextle is level eight.
So that's enough
to dump
Gore's life points
down to zero.
(dramatic music)
(alarm blaring)
Gore's EEG readings are
completely off the charts.
And so are the rest
of his biomarkers.
He may be going
into shock.
(Computer) You lose.
(gasping)
That makes 12 loses in a row.
(door hissing)
(grunting)
(thud)
(gasping)
Hey Gore!
Are you okay?
(grunting)
Quick, call the medics!
I'm all right.
(grunting)
(screaming)
I'm shutting
this project down.
There's no evidence
that the AI chip
in your brain is
helping you win.
In fact, all it's
doing is hurting you.
Slow your roll bub.
The chip is working.
And I can prove it.
(growls)
I'm giving you
one last chance.
(Gore)
That's all I need.
(dramatic music)
(Computer) You win.
Gore finally did it!
He finally won!
Quite true, but at what cost?
(door hisses)
(dramatic music)
(growling)
This infinite field of data
is in the palm of my hands.
(grunts)
I've seen enough,
I want that chip removed.
What you want doesn't matter.
We've invested too
much time and money
into this technology
to stop now Zaizen.
Time? money? These
experiments are
much too dangerous to continue.
Gore's life is at risk.
You heard what the
lady said Zaizen.
Stay out of this.
No, you stay out of this!
Because whatever the
risk, I want the chip.
Even if it shuts down
your brain permanently
and you're never
able to wake again?!
Yeah, even then!
But.
But nothing.
You don't see what I see Zaizen.
I see the reality
behind reality.
I see the past,
present, the future,
(Gore)
and every moment
in between!
I see everything!
And I still see
that you won't win.
We'll see about that!
Stalactite spear!
Heh.
Gi gi, gi gi!
(laughing)
(gasps)
I also have a skill, One
that you've never seen before!
I activate anti-skill!
(gasps)
(thuds)
Earth still won!
What?
By hacking my
brain, I was able
to create the ultimate
counter strategy.
By activating anti-skill,
I can negate your skill.
And I also get to draw
two cards from my deck.
I end my turn.
A skill that stops
the opponents skill?
That's not fair.
That's like a super cheat code.
And it's all 'cause of
that chip in his cranium.
His noggin's gotta
be overclocked
to create a skill like that.
(Playmaker) And
that much stress
on his brain can't be healthy.
Playmaker.
Hmm?
Blue Gal, what
are you doing here?
I came here to give
a hand to the Ignis.
Oh, then you're
here just in time.
If your intention was to
arrive fashionably late.
Who's winning?
Earth's in the lead.
But, the outcome of the
duel is far from decided.
Skye, be careful.
(beeps)
Yes?
Bad news!
It's Gore!
His vitals are in the red.
(Risa)
Oh no, he's pushing
himself too hard!
(dramatic music)
It's my turn.
I draw!
When there are no
monsters on my field,
I can summon Dinowrestler
Coelasilat from my hand!
(growls)
And by doing so,
I can also summon
Dinowrestler Eskrimamenchi.
(roars)
Next I'll do level
two Coelasilat
with level six Eskrimamenchi!
(whirring)
The kings of the
prehistoric unite
to forge a new future of terror!
I synchro summon level eight
Dinowrestler Giga Spinosavate!
(roaring)
A synchro monster?
That's new.
Gore has never summoned
a synchro monster before.
He's really
stepped up his game.
By mixing up his brain.
And even with all
that razzle dazzle,
that new toy of his is still
weaker than our Strilahen!
Next I activate my spell,
space time trancendance.
By banishing at least
two dinosaur type monster
from my graveyard and
adding up their levels,
I can summon a
monster from my hand
or my graveyard that
equals that total.
Though it's not
allowed to attack.
So I banish level one
Marshall Ampalow and
level seven pancratops.
To resurrect level eight
Dinowrestler Kimera-T-Rexal
(Roaring)
Why summon a monster
that can't attack?
(grunt)
Now I'm allowed to destroy a
monster, using
spino-savats ability!
Be gone, crystal heart!
(crashing)
I won't let you, my trilenants
old ability, redirects it
back to your spino-savat!
But I have another ability,
when spino-savats
about to be destroyed,
another monster can
take it's place instead.
(crashing)
And when Kimera-T-Rexal
is destroyed,
its own ability activates.
What's that?
Bad news I think!
Kimera-T-Rexal's
special ability,
destroys all monsters on
your field in attack mode.
And last I checked, all your
monsters are in attack mode.
This isn't good for Earth.
That is an understatement,
is it panic time?
I think it's panic time!
I activate,
gravity protection!
I can equip this
card on my crystal
heart by attributing
my trylanon.
By doing so, crystal heart can't
be destroyed, in
battle or by your
special abilities, and it gains
half of trylanon's
attack points!
(thundering)
You will never destroy my heart!
That's the spaghetti!
Now Earth has just enough
to survive this turn.
Not just survive,
but win, because when
its Earth's turn,
Gore only has
a hundred
life points left and
Earth can knock that out
with a flick of a pebble.
It's over human.
After calculating
every possibility,
I must admit you're
absolutely right.
It is over, but not for me.
What?
Your moves maybe
would've been enough
to defeat the old
Gore, but the old Gore
couldn't calculate the paths
and possibilities I can,
such as the one that
leads me to victory.
This one, Giga-spino-savat
attack crystal heart!
(roaring)
And I activate the
spell card dino-roar!
When my spino-savat
battles your monster,
I can send a spell or trap card
on your field to the graveyard.
(gasps)
so gravity protection
won't protect
your crystal heart anymore.
(beeping)
No!
This can't be!
Yeah it can,
claw dive chasse
shatter crystal heart
into a million pieces.
No, don't do it!
(shattering)
(beeping)
(exploding)
Aqua
Earth.
The Earth ignis is mine.
Oh no!
What, we gotta do
something Playmaker!
Release him
Gore, if you don't,
I'm going to have to
force you to do so.
I sure hope
that's a challenge,
cause that's just
what I wanted to hear.
Cause everything
I've done to myself,
is so I'd be ready to
duel you, Playmaker.
In fact, I didn't care about
this Ignus to begin with.
I just wanted to draw
you out into the open.
There's easier
ways to do that.
Like, I don't know,
call us!
We used to be
allies Gore.
What happened to
change all that?
What happened,
was that I've
never been able to defeat you,
and my mind can't
rest until I do!
(grunt)
And how can your
mind rest when
a chip's pinging
it like a doorbell?
Hey Gore?
You wanna duel, lets duel.
I want that Earth Ignis, so
bring that dog in from the yard.
(screaming)
Looks like our duel
will have to wait.
But I'll be back for you
Playmaker, count on it.
He got away.
And took Earth to Soul-tech.
(crying)
This isn't right,
this isn't right!
(intense music)
(grunt)
Let's get to work, shall we?
What's going on?
If it's any consolation,
you'll be helping
with the advancement of
human technology, now do it.
Yes, ma'am.
(whirring)
What's that?
(intense music)
Oh, this is awkward.
They're taking his code apart.
(grunt)
Stop this, you
can't do this to me!
My memories, are fading
even so, I won't forget you
Aqua, even if I
forget everything.
Huh? Earth?
Did you feel that?
Yes.
What is this?
Not cool.
Totally not. Earth's
no different than us
just because he was a program.
This has to stop, and
I'm gonna stop it.
(booming)
(intense music)